OSDOCS-18665-abstracts (#109480)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/accessing-hosts-on-aws.adoc

= Accessing hosts on Amazon Web Services in an installer-provisioned infrastructure cluster

[role="_abstract"]

> The {product-title} installer does not create any public IP addresses for any of the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances that it provisions for your {product-title} cluster. After you provisioned your Amazon EC2 instance, you can SSH into your {product-title} hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {product-title} installer does not create any public IP addresses for any of the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances that it provisions for your {product-title} cluster. After you provisioned your Amazon EC2 instance, you can use SSH to access your {product-title} hosts.
```

Reviewer: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#prerequisites:~:text=Incorrect%20forms%3A%20SSH%20as%20a%20verb

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
